Hi guys,
Welcome back to my channel!
Today, I decided to do a color correction
video for you guys!
A few videos back; someone asked me if I use
color correctors to get rid of any redness
around my skin — and I do, but I didn't
want to mention those products in a video
because they didn't really work for me as
well as this color correcting palette has
worked for me.
And, I finally feel a little more comfortable
sharing with you guys how I get rid of redness,
dark spots on my face and… you know… how
to get a good all around color correction.
Now, If you don't know what color correction
is, it's basically applying a concealer of
a different color; rather it be green, yellow
or orange.
They have some that are lavender — to get
rid of different things on your face.
Alright, so the color correcting palette that
I've been using a lot is by city color cosmetics
and this is the palette in the color medium.
They have a light, medium and a darker one.
One of the issues that I had with color correcting
palettes; is that either it was way too light
and it didn't really do anything for my skin.
You could seriously see through the correction
of the color,
Or, it just wasn't the right consistency.
With this palette, it has the perfect consistency
and it color corrects perfectly for my skin
tone.
If you have my type of skin tone maybe a tad
bit darker, I definitely recommend the medium
one, but if you have a darker complexion,
or if you are very light… or fair, that
do have those palettes ready for your guys
on the website.
I'm going to get started with showing you
how I color correct.
Alright, so on this palette, you will notice
that they have two regular colors, so this
is going to be the concealers you can put
over the color correcting concealers which
are these three right here.
You have a green, a yellow and a orange.
And I do apologize if the lighting consistency
is like, different.
I am filming with day light, like, regular
natural daylight and, it's just not, it's
just not working out for me!
So, I do have some redness around here, around
my mouth — and around… you know, any place
that I have a pimple, which is probably like,
rift around here somewhere.
I'm going to use the green one right now.
And it's very creamy, its very pigmented and
i'm just going to apply this around the nose
area.
Right around where I get red.
And it's going to look crazy, don't worry!
It's going to come altogether all in the end.
The next color that I'm going to go in with
is the orange color — this one is very creamy
and pigmented I'm just going to apply this
right under the eye area right there.
For the yellow one that I'm going to take;
I'm going to apply this to my acne scars,
because I did have an acne attack, and it
just went crazy!
So, there is the yellow.
And I'm just going to apply it on top.
Now, you
can go onto of that with these tone here,
I actually have a concealer that I've been
loving, so that's the concealer i'm going
to use, but feel free to use the one in the
palette if you have that palette.
Now what I'm going to do is apply my bb cream
on top of it.
So, let me get the bb cream and i'll be back.
So, now i'm going to take my bb cream; so
I am using the Garnier… it's one of my favorites!
It has SPF 20 so its perfect for everyday
use.
And I also used it in my every day makeup
tutorial, so if you guys want to see that,
I will have it linked down below!
I'm going to use one of my new Sonia Kashuk
brushes and my cover girl bronzer.
And i'm just going to add this on the parameter
of my face so that way, I don't look washed
out.
I'm putting this underneath my eye and on
top of the orange that I still might have.
It has a little more brightening and highlight
to my under eyes.
And I
usually add this after bb cream, and before
bronzer — but, I'm having one of those days
guys!
LOL!
Alight, that is it for my color correction
video!
I hope you found it helpful!
If you did, please give this video a Like
and share it with your google+!
I really do appreciate it so, so, so much!
If you have any questions on any of the products
that I used today, please leave them down
in the comments section!
And please check out the description bar — I
have some deals and coupon codes from City
Color down there, so please open that up and
check it out!
And Make sure that you are subscribed to my
channel for more technique videos, I hope
you guys do find them helpful and love them!
And I'll see you in the next one!
Bye!